Example: Partytown + Google Tag Manager + CSP (#1548)
Shopify/hydrogen: examples/partytown/README.md

# Hydrogen example: Partytown + Google Tag Manager + CSP

This folder contains a peformance-oriented example lazy-loading [Google Tag Manager](https://support.google.com/tagmanager)
using [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/).

> Party town helps relocate resource intensive scripts into a web worker, and off of the main thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Party town helps relocate resource intensive scripts off the main thread into a web worker.
```

> Its goal is to help speed up sites by dedicating the main thread to your code, and offloading third-party scripts to a web worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Requirements

- [Google Tag Manager ID] - Log in to your Google Tag Manager account and open a container. In the top right corner (next to the Submit and Preview buttons) you'll see some short text that starts with GTM- and then contains some letters/numbers. That's your Google Tag Manager ID
- [Basic Partytown knowledge](https://dev.to/adamdbradley/introducing-partytown-run-third-party-scripts-from-a-web-worker-2cnp) - Introducing Partytown: Run Third-Party Scripts From a Web Worker

## Key files

> This folder contains the minimal set of files needed to showcase the implementation.
> Files that aren’t included by default with Hydrogen and that you’ll need to
> create are labeled with 🆕.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following files have been added (🆕) or changed from the default Hydration template:
```

| [`app/entry.server.tsx`](app/entry.server.tsx)                                                    | Add GTM domain to the script-src directive                                                                                                                                                        |

## Dependencies

| Module                                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 🆕 [@builder.io/partytown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@builder.io/partytown) | Partytown is a lazy-loaded library to help relocate resource intensive scripts into a web worker, and off of the main thread. Its goal is to help speed up sites by dedicating the main thread to your code, and offloading third-party scripts to a web worker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🆕 [@builder.io/partytown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@builder.io/partytown) | Party town helps relocate resource intensive scripts off the main thread into a web worker. |
```
